hi how about all thousand results
welcome to this video of
tom raider collectables where I'm going to
show how to discover how to find
the relics and treasure documents of
this map in particular of the temple map of
the mountain the first thing we have to
to do is to find the map so that
it is easier for us to find these
treasures
to find very simple maps like
you see here we are in the
camp
then we have to pull here towards
behind
we go by day
and now we see each other here with this
hidden cave
because state
here we go here
and we found the map
As you can see, this is the map of the
collectibles and now it's not going to be
much easier to find
find the collectibles of this
map so a rod
11 I will go showing where they are in
each zone and looking at the map is going to be
It can be easier so nothing
I leave with the guide
July 25, 1982 have been several
days since the plane crashed
When we do not pay on the island we suffer a
storm of wind and rain for days
a silk fan could not use that much
a villager as someone of the nobility
yes
a boom line used by the samurai to
give orders to soldiers in combat
very robust must be made of
cypress
all right
ah